Suggesting multiple changes for better readability (#23843)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/features/datasources/mssql.md

ORDER BY 1
```

> When above query is used in a graph panel the result will be two series named `Metric A` and `Metric B` with a sum of `valueTwo` plotted over `time`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the above query is used in a graph panel, the result is two series named `Metric A` and `Metric B` with a sum of `valueTwo` plotted over `time`.
```

## Stored procedure support

> Stored procedures have been verified to work. However, please note that we haven't done anything special to support this so there may exist edge cases where it won't work as you would expect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Stored procedures have been verified to work. However, please note that we haven't done anything special to support this, so there might be edge cases where it won't work as you would expect.
```

In this case the stored procedure accepts two parameters `@from` and `@to` of `int` data types which should be a timerange (from-to) in epoch format
which will be used to filter the data to return from the stored procedure.

> We're mimicking the `$__timeGroup(time, '5m')` in the select and group by expressions and that's why there are a lot of lengthy expressions needed -

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We're mimicking the `$__timeGroup(time, '5m')` in the select and group by expressions, and that's why there are a lot of lengthy expressions needed -
```
